Read the set of words. Try to uderstand if they correspond to a single common topic (may be with exception of a few words that don't).<div><div>&nbsp;If it is true, give the topic name with a one word or a short sentance.</div><div>Optionally, identify the words that doesn't belong to the common topica among the wordset.</div><div><br></div><div>Examples:&nbsp;&nbsp;<br>  <h3><ul><li><b>Good topic</b>: <br>run, swimming, athelete, ski, training, exercises, paddle, referee<br><br><b>Topic name</b>: sport</li><li>Good topic (but with "bad" words that don't belong to the common topic):<br>greenhouse, chicken, tomato, eggs,&nbsp;<br><br>Topic name:&nbsp;</li><li>Bad topic (cannot be identified)</li><li>Bad topic (mixing of two or more topics)</li></ul></h3><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><br></div>  <ul><li><b>Advertising and spam</b>. This category includes texts that ask users to go to an external resource or buy a product, offer earnings, or advertise dating sites. Such messages often contain shortened links to various sites.</li><li><b>Nonsense</b>. The text is a meaningless set of characters or words. Emoticons and emojis, nicknames and hashtags don't belong to this category.</li><li><b>Insults</b>. This category includes insults and threats that are clearly targeted at a user.</li><li><b>Violation of the law</b>. The text incites extremist activities, violence, criminal activity, or hatred based on gender, race, nationality, or belonging to a social group; or the text promotes suicide, drugs, or the sale of weapons.</li><li><b>Profanity</b>. This category includes comments that contain obscenities or profanity.</li></ul></div></div>
